[Music]
[Music] these are the journeys of the children
these are the journeys of the children
these are the journeys of the children of Israel who went out of the land of
of Israel who went out of the land of
of Israel who went out of the land of Egypt by their armies under the hand of
Egypt by their armies under the hand of
Egypt by their armies under the hand of Moses and Aaron now Moses wrote down the
Moses and Aaron now Moses wrote down the
Moses and Aaron now Moses wrote down the starting points of their journeys at the
starting points of their journeys at the
starting points of their journeys at the command of the Lord and these are their
command of the Lord and these are their
command of the Lord and these are their journeys according to their starting
journeys according to their starting
journeys according to their starting points they departed from ramasees in
points they departed from ramasees in
points they departed from ramasees in the first month on the fifteenth day of
the first month on the fifteenth day of
the first month on the fifteenth day of the first month on the day after the
the first month on the day after the
the first month on the day after the Passover the children of Israel went out
Passover the children of Israel went out
Passover the children of Israel went out with boldness in the sight of all the
with boldness in the sight of all the
with boldness in the sight of all the Egyptians for the Egyptians were burying
Egyptians for the Egyptians were burying
Egyptians for the Egyptians were burying all their firstborn whom the Lord had
all their firstborn whom the Lord had
all their firstborn whom the Lord had killed among them also on their gods the
killed among them also on their gods the
killed among them also on their gods the Lord had executed judgments when the
Lord had executed judgments when the
Lord had executed judgments when the children of Israel moved from ramasees
children of Israel moved from ramasees
children of Israel moved from ramasees and camped at Sukkoth they departed from
and camped at Sukkoth they departed from
and camped at Sukkoth they departed from Sukkoth and camped at Ethan which is on
Sukkoth and camped at Ethan which is on
Sukkoth and camped at Ethan which is on the edge of the wilderness they moved
the edge of the wilderness they moved
the edge of the wilderness they moved from Ethan and turned back to PI her
from Ethan and turned back to PI her
from Ethan and turned back to PI her high earth which is east of bale dzifa
high earth which is east of bale dzifa
high earth which is east of bale dzifa and they camped near Migdal
and they camped near Migdal
and they camped near Migdal they departed from before her high wrath
they departed from before her high wrath
they departed from before her high wrath and passed through the midst of the sea
and passed through the midst of the sea
and passed through the midst of the sea into the wilderness went three days
into the wilderness went three days
into the wilderness went three days journey in the wilderness of Ethan and
journey in the wilderness of Ethan and
journey in the wilderness of Ethan and camped at Marah they moved from Marah
camped at Marah they moved from Marah
camped at Marah they moved from Marah and came to Elam
and came to Elam
and came to Elam at Elam were twelve Springs of water and
at Elam were twelve Springs of water and
at Elam were twelve Springs of water and seventy palm trees so they can't there
seventy palm trees so they can't there
seventy palm trees so they can't there they moved from Elim and camped by the
they moved from Elim and camped by the
they moved from Elim and camped by the Red Sea they moved from the Red Sea and
Red Sea they moved from the Red Sea and
Red Sea they moved from the Red Sea and camped in the wilderness of sin they
camped in the wilderness of sin they
camped in the wilderness of sin they journeyed from the wilderness of sin and
journeyed from the wilderness of sin and
journeyed from the wilderness of sin and camped at DAF qey they departed from DAF
camped at DAF qey they departed from DAF
camped at DAF qey they departed from DAF qey and camped at Ailish they moved from
qey and camped at Ailish they moved from
qey and camped at Ailish they moved from aylesh and camped at reffered in where
aylesh and camped at reffered in where
aylesh and camped at reffered in where there was no water for the people to
there was no water for the people to
there was no water for the people to drink they departed from revered him and
drink they departed from revered him and
drink they departed from revered him and camped in the wilderness of Sinai they
camped in the wilderness of Sinai they
camped in the wilderness of Sinai they moved from the wilderness of Sinai and
moved from the wilderness of Sinai and
moved from the wilderness of Sinai and camped at key broth atever
camped at key broth atever
camped at key broth atever they departed from key broth hatay over
they departed from key broth hatay over
they departed from key broth hatay over and camped at Hazira 'the they departed
and camped at Hazira 'the they departed
and camped at Hazira 'the they departed from azarith and camped at riff LA they
from azarith and camped at riff LA they
from azarith and camped at riff LA they departed from riff LA and camped at
departed from riff LA and camped at
departed from riff LA and camped at Ramon Pires they departed from Ramon
Ramon Pires they departed from Ramon
Ramon Pires they departed from Ramon Pires and camped at lib now they moved
Pires and camped at lib now they moved
Pires and camped at lib now they moved from lebanon and camped at Rissa they
from lebanon and camped at Rissa they
from lebanon and camped at Rissa they journeyed from Rissa and camped at key
journeyed from Rissa and camped at key
journeyed from Rissa and camped at key Haleiwa he went from key ha'la'tha and
Haleiwa he went from key ha'la'tha and
Haleiwa he went from key ha'la'tha and camped at mount Shifa they moved from
camped at mount Shifa they moved from
camped at mount Shifa they moved from mount Shifa and camped at aerator they
mount Shifa and camped at aerator they
mount Shifa and camped at aerator they moved from her Aida and camped at makyla
moved from her Aida and camped at makyla
moved from her Aida and camped at makyla they moved from Aquila and camped at
they moved from Aquila and camped at
they moved from Aquila and camped at taya they departed from Tejas and camp -
taya they departed from Tejas and camp -
taya they departed from Tejas and camp - Tirra
Tirra
Tirra they moved from Tara and camped up Miska
they moved from Tara and camped up Miska
they moved from Tara and camped up Miska they went from Miska and cam turd - Mona
they went from Miska and cam turd - Mona
they went from Miska and cam turd - Mona they departed from hash Mona and cam
they departed from hash Mona and cam
they departed from hash Mona and cam turd Messiah they departed from massara
turd Messiah they departed from massara
turd Messiah they departed from massara and camped at Benny Jericho they moved
and camped at Benny Jericho they moved
and camped at Benny Jericho they moved from Benny jaqen and camped at hora
from Benny jaqen and camped at hora
from Benny jaqen and camped at hora kid get they went from Jorge get GAD and
kid get they went from Jorge get GAD and
kid get they went from Jorge get GAD and cam to Jack Bertha they moved from jet
cam to Jack Bertha they moved from jet
cam to Jack Bertha they moved from jet Bertha and camped at a bruna they
Bertha and camped at a bruna they
Bertha and camped at a bruna they departed from AB Brona
departed from AB Brona
departed from AB Brona and camped at Asian Kiba they moved from
and camped at Asian Kiba they moved from
and camped at Asian Kiba they moved from easy and gibbehhh and camped in the
easy and gibbehhh and camped in the
easy and gibbehhh and camped in the wilderness of zin which is kadish they
wilderness of zin which is kadish they
wilderness of zin which is kadish they moved from Kadesh and camped in Mount
moved from Kadesh and camped in Mount
moved from Kadesh and camped in Mount hor on the boundary of the land of edom
hor on the boundary of the land of edom
hor on the boundary of the land of edom an air in the priest went up to Mount
an air in the priest went up to Mount
an air in the priest went up to Mount hor at the command of the Lord and died
hor at the command of the Lord and died
hor at the command of the Lord and died there in the fortieth year after the
there in the fortieth year after the
there in the fortieth year after the children of Israel had come out of the
children of Israel had come out of the
children of Israel had come out of the land of Egypt on the first day of the
land of Egypt on the first day of the
land of Egypt on the first day of the fifth month
fifth month
fifth month Aaron was 123 years old when he died on
Aaron was 123 years old when he died on
Aaron was 123 years old when he died on Mount hor now the king of Ada and the
Mount hor now the king of Ada and the
Mount hor now the king of Ada and the Canaanite who dwelt in the south in the
Canaanite who dwelt in the south in the
Canaanite who dwelt in the south in the land of Canaan heard of the coming of
land of Canaan heard of the coming of
land of Canaan heard of the coming of the children of Israel so they departed
the children of Israel so they departed
the children of Israel so they departed from Mount hor and camped in zel Mona
from Mount hor and camped in zel Mona
from Mount hor and camped in zel Mona they departed from zal Mona and camped
they departed from zal Mona and camped
they departed from zal Mona and camped in Pune they departed from Poonam and
in Pune they departed from Poonam and
in Pune they departed from Poonam and camped at Oberth they departed from
camped at Oberth they departed from
camped at Oberth they departed from Oberth and camped at IJ a borough at the
Oberth and camped at IJ a borough at the
Oberth and camped at IJ a borough at the border of MOA they departed from IGN and
border of MOA they departed from IGN and
border of MOA they departed from IGN and camped at diamond guard they moved from
camped at diamond guard they moved from
camped at diamond guard they moved from diamond guard and camped at almond iblis
diamond guard and camped at almond iblis
diamond guard and camped at almond iblis Fame they moved from almond oblivion and
Fame they moved from almond oblivion and
Fame they moved from almond oblivion and camped in the mountains of a Burin
camped in the mountains of a Burin
camped in the mountains of a Burin before neba they departed from the
before neba they departed from the
before neba they departed from the mountains of a Burin and camped in the
mountains of a Burin and camped in the
mountains of a Burin and camped in the plains of Moab by the Jordan across from
plains of Moab by the Jordan across from
plains of Moab by the Jordan across from Jericho they camped by the Jordan from
Jericho they camped by the Jordan from
Jericho they camped by the Jordan from beth Jessa math as far as the Abel
beth Jessa math as far as the Abel
beth Jessa math as far as the Abel Acacia Grove in the plains of MOA now
Acacia Grove in the plains of MOA now
Acacia Grove in the plains of MOA now the Lord spoke to Moses in the plains of
the Lord spoke to Moses in the plains of
the Lord spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan across from Jericho
Moab by the Jordan across from Jericho
Moab by the Jordan across from Jericho saying speak to the children of Israel
saying speak to the children of Israel
saying speak to the children of Israel and say to them when you have crossed
and say to them when you have crossed
and say to them when you have crossed the Jordan into the land of Canaan then
the Jordan into the land of Canaan then
the Jordan into the land of Canaan then you shall drive out all the inhabitants
you shall drive out all the inhabitants
you shall drive out all the inhabitants of the land from the for you destroy all
of the land from the for you destroy all
of the land from the for you destroy all their engraved stones destroy all their
their engraved stones destroy all their
their engraved stones destroy all their moulded images and demolish all their
moulded images and demolish all their
moulded images and demolish all their high places
high places
high places you shall dis possess the inhabitants of
you shall dis possess the inhabitants of
you shall dis possess the inhabitants of the land and dwell in it for I have
the land and dwell in it for I have
the land and dwell in it for I have given you the land to possess and you
given you the land to possess and you
given you the land to possess and you shall divide the land by lot as an
shall divide the land by lot as an
shall divide the land by lot as an inheritance among your families to the
inheritance among your families to the
inheritance among your families to the larger you shall give a larger
larger you shall give a larger
larger you shall give a larger inheritance and to the smaller you shall
inheritance and to the smaller you shall
inheritance and to the smaller you shall give a smaller inheritance there
give a smaller inheritance there
give a smaller inheritance there everyone's inheritance shall be whatever
everyone's inheritance shall be whatever
everyone's inheritance shall be whatever falls to him by lot you shall inherit
falls to him by lot you shall inherit
falls to him by lot you shall inherit according to the tribes of your father's
according to the tribes of your father's
according to the tribes of your father's but if you do not drive out the
but if you do not drive out the
but if you do not drive out the inhabitants of the land from before you
inhabitants of the land from before you
inhabitants of the land from before you then it shall be that those whom you let
then it shall be that those whom you let
then it shall be that those whom you let remain shall be irritating your eyes and
remain shall be irritating your eyes and
remain shall be irritating your eyes and forms in your sides and they shall
forms in your sides and they shall
forms in your sides and they shall Harris you in the land where you dwell
Harris you in the land where you dwell
Harris you in the land where you dwell moreover it shall be that I will do to
moreover it shall be that I will do to
moreover it shall be that I will do to you as I thought to do to them